Add repology.org to readme (#229)
ddclient/ddclient: README.md

## INSTALLATION

> <img align="right" src="https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/ddclient.svg">
> 
> ### Distribution Package
> 
> The easiest way to install ddclient is to install a package offered by your operating system. Packages are available for the following distributions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Distribution Package

<img align="right" src="https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/ddclient.svg">
The easiest way to install ddclient is to install a package offered by your
operating system. See the image to the right for a list of distributions with a
ddclient package.
```

Author: I don't know about this. It kinda looked better when it was right under the installation headline and we didn't waste some whitespace. The badge is just to big tbh.

## INSTALLATION

> <img align="right" src="https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/ddclient.svg">
> 
> ### Distribution Package
> 
> The easiest way to install ddclient is to install a package offered by your operating system. Packages are available for the following distributions:
> 
> badge goes here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Distribution Package

The easiest way to install ddclient is to install a package offered by your
operating system. Packages are available for the following distributions:

<img align="right" src="https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/ddclient.svg">
```

Author: I the badge shouldn't be that far down.
